Stop talking nonsense here
It's illegal to spread rumors.
Believe it or not I sue you for slander
Only buckwheat can prove I'm a fake
But he hasn't shown up for so long
Maybe he was hit by a car and half dead
I'm also afraid that he will not be a woman who appears inexplicably
Somebody tell this lie
The woman who spread rumors at will dragged me out
Let go of me!
Prove that you don't have a long substitute
Very simple.
You sing in front of everyone now
What are you?
Why should I prove it to you?
I'm really nothing
But what about your fans?
What about Lu Chengyu?
Don't you want to prove it to them? I
Zhang Yu
down
Sing it.
Zhang Yu
You believed this woman's nonsense
Do you think I'm lying to you?
Yu Rou, in fact, I also want to figure out one thing
Why so many years
You've never sung in front of me before